
hmm. i suppose it wouldn't be that bad to implement a basic tui which covers our functionality in pure rust without neovim. do you think you could help us with that? how much work is it? here are some things we *definitely* want:

- tab pages, ability to move tabs around, create and destroy them

- the notion of a buffer. when we are working with music, we will have a lot of
  "scratch work" -- ie, creating playlists, sections of playlists, and creating
  custom filters/views into our music library. there will be some amount of
  editing work here, so it should behave approximately like neovim.

- the ability to create and resize splits within a window, both horizontally and
  vertically. we should be able to create them and resize them with commands,
  and resize them also with our mouse by clicking and dragging on the borders.

- we should have access to a "command mode" by pressing the "colon key"

- our default UI should be something like a shell where we can send commands
  into a REPL. so, at the bottom, we should always be able to activate and
  deactivate a REPL where we can interactively interact with our music. we
  should be able to search, filter buffers, and change settings here. we should
  also be able to do these things from command mode. we should be able to script
  the system if we want, with a set of actions which can be easily be extended

- the notion of "leader mode" as well as "local leader". the notion of vim
  editing modes are powerful and we want to retain much of this power within our
  UI

- vim keys throughout. these should be easy to customize and extend. we
  essentially (at minimum) want to be able to go left/down/up/right with hjkl,
  page up and page down with u/d, and enter other modes as we see fit by typing
  normal mode controls directly into a buffer. we should be able to access
  a form of insert mode to edit the content inside of our song metadata
  fields. it should be very easy to search/filter with the "slash" and we should
  have access to regex filtering, sorting by whichever attribute we want,
  etc. there should be a notion of "cursor position" that we can use to access
  the currently selected item,attribue,field or whatever. we should be easily
  able to flip through our various panes/tabs/windows and move around to where
  we want just like in vim.  we should be able to open or close an explorer on
  the left hand side which helps us access an alternate mode (such as playlists,
  albums, artists, etc) when we select an item here in the left explorer pane,
  it should open in one of our buffers, just like in vim. for example, if we
  navigate with hjkl to a playlist on the left side and open it (with enter, or
  whatever other key we configure to do this), that playlist should open in one
  of our currently open panes. then, we can navigate to it and interact with
  it. if we want to jump cycle back through wherever we were before, that should
  also work like it does in vim. this means we should be able to cycle back
  through our positions in whichever buffers we were working on.

what do you think? is all of this doable?
